Alexis: CHAZZ? CHAZZ?
WAKE UP, CHAZZ...
IT'S ALEXIS...
I WANT TO TELL YOU
HOW MUCH YOU MEAN TO ME...
HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU...
WAKE UP. WAKE UP.
Ojama Yellow: WAKE UP! WAKE UP!
BOSS, WAKE UP!
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YA' CHAZZ?
YOU LOOK HAPPY!
TELL ME, WHO YA
DREAMIN' OF ROMEO?
MY NEW LOVE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Boy: WAY TO GO, JADEN!
TOTALLY WAY TO STICK IT
TO ALL THOSE SHADOW RIDERS!
WELL, THANK YOU!
I'LL BE SIGNING SOME
AUTOGRAPHS FOR YOU LATER!
WOW! LOOK AT THIS,
CHUMLEY.
EVERYONE THINKS
WE'RE HEROES!
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU,
BUT I'D PREFER
A HERO SANDWICH!
WHAT'S UP WIT CHAZZ?
YA'WON'T BELIEVE IT!
THE BOSS THINKS
HE'S IN LOVE!
HE'S IN LOVE?!
THAT'S RIGHT,
SO I WON'T HAVE ANY
MORE TIME FOR YOU GUYS!
[SCREAMING]
SHE HAS MY HEART NOW.
[SIGH] ALEXIS.
AND I KNOW SHE FEELS
THE SAME WAY.
IT WASN'T JUST A DREAM.
WHEN ALEXIS AND I WERE TRAPPED
IN THAT WEIRD VORTEX,
I FELT HER HEART...
THERE, IN THE
BLACKNESS OF SPACE...
THE ETERNITY OF TIME...
HER SOUL TOLD ME
SHE LOVED ME,
THAT WE WERE DESTINED
TO BE TOGETHER!
OKAY, MAYBE IT DIDN'T
EXACTLY TELL ME.
BUT IT WAS IN THE AIR!
I FELT IT!
WE BELONG TOGETHER!
BUT WHO DOES
SHE HANG OUT WITH?
IT'S EITHER HER BIG BRO
ATTICUS, OR EVEN WORSE...
JADEN!
OH, YEAH. ZANE, TOO!
SO MUCH COMPETITION.
THIS MIGHT BE TOUGH.
UGH...
I'M GLAD YOU'RE OKAY.
OKAY?!
I WAS TAKEN HOSTAGE
BY SOME CLONE OF
WHO I THOUGHT WAS
OUR PROFESSOR!
YEAH, BUT,
THINGS LIKE THAT...
AREN'T REALLY THAT RARE
AROUND HERE, ARE THEY?
MAYBE YOU NEED
A BODYGUARD.
OH, YOU THINK SO?
WELL, THANKS,
BUT NO THANKS.
I CAN TAKE CARE OF
MYSELF JUST FINE, ZANE.
BUT EVEN SO, IT'S
NICE TO KNOW YOU CARE.
LEXIE, I'LL MISS YOU
ONCE I GRADUATE FROM HERE.
SO, UH, IT LOOKS
LIKE YOUR BROTHER
IS BACK TO BEING
HIS NORMAL SELF AGAIN.
UH, YEAH, IF YOU
CALL IT NORMAL.
HOW CAN I GET HER
TO NOTICE ME?
ALEXIS' BROTHER,
ATTICUS!
HA HA HA!
WHY, THAT'S IT!
HE'LL HELP ME!
HANG TEN, CHAZZ DUDE!
[SQUEALING]
ATTICUS!
AUTOGRAPH,
PLEASE!
NO PROB!
HERE!
HE WROTE B.F.F.!
THAT'S RIGHT, LADIES!
IT MEANS BEST FRIENDS...
FOREVER.
[SQUEALING]
WHAT THE--
THAT ALWAYS
SEEMS TO HAPPEN!
THIS GUY'S A CHICK
MAGNET AND ALEXIS' BROTHER!
HE'S MY WAY IN!
ATTICUS!
YOU'VE GOT TO
HELP ME! PLEASE!
HUH?
SO, CHAZZ,
YOU WANT A DATE
WITH MY SISTER, HUH?
WELL, KEEP DREAMING!
HMM? OH...
KIDDING!
LOOK, CHAZZ...
IF YOU WANNA DATE
HER, YOU'VE GOT TO
IMPRESS HER.
YEAH! IN A DUEL!
A DUEL?
SHE LOVES DUELING!
AND IF YOU BEAT HER,
SHE'LL BE ALL YOURS!
THAT'S IF...
YOU LET
ALL YOUR CARDS...
TELL HER JUST WHAT
YOU'RE FEELING.
I DITCHED MY CARDS.
Ojama Yellow:
GUESS AGAIN!
HUH?
WE PUT YOUR DECK
BACK TOGETHER, BOSS!
Ojama Black: I PUT IT
TOGETHER, KNUCKLEHEADS!
MY DECK.
YEAH! NOW
WE'RE TALKIN'!
NO NO NO!
THIS IS NOT COOL
AT ALL!
CHAZZ, YOU NEED
SOME LOVE CARDS!
LOVE?
RIGHT.
I'LL HELP YOU
OUT THERE.
NOW THE QUESTION IS HOW
WE GET HER TO DUEL YOU.
[THINKING]
AND I THINK I HAVE
JUST THE ANSWER!
[DISTANT CLANG]
WHO'S THERE?!
I COULD'VE SWORN
THAT I HEARD SOMETHING.
PHEW. STILL THERE.
BUT, WITH THAT NEW THREAT
THAT JADEN WAS WARNED OF
BY THE LAST SHADOW RIDER...
YOU CAN'T BE TOO CAREFUL.
AAH!
YOU'RE LATE.
NOW THEN,
LET'S DO THIS!
Sheppard: THE SPIRIT KEYS
ARE MISSING!
A CONFESSION?
FROM CHAZZ?!
CHAZZ HAS THE KEYS!
UH, CHAZZ?
WHAT UP?
JOKE'S OVER.
GIVE US THE
KEYS, CHAZZ.
NOT YET.
UH, WELL, WHEN THEN?
WHEN YOU AND I DUEL!
SO LET'S GO, ALEXIS!
HUH?
WHAT?!
WHY DO YOU WANNA DUEL HER?
BECAUSE...I'M IN LOVE!
GOT IT?!
AND ALEXIS IS, TOO.
SHE JUST DOESN'T
KNOW IT YET.
BUT SOON SHE WILL!
AND HOW IS THAT?
HONESTLY!
WHY DO YOU
THINK THAT?
Atticus:
'CAUSE I TOLD HIM SO!
HUH?
Zane: HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?
'CAUSE I KNOW HER!
AND DEAR LITTLE SIS
NEEDS A HELPING HAND
WITH HER LOVE LIFE!
COME ON.
HE STOLE THE SPIRIT KEYS,
JUST FOR YOU!
AND THAT'S ROMANCE?
NEWS TO ME!
I SECOND THAT.
[THINKING]
AT TIMES LIKE THIS,
I WISH HE WAS
BACK IN A COMA!
ANYONE UP FOR
JUST TACKLING HIM?
NOT A BAD THOUGHT.
WHAT'S THE HOLD UP?!
[THINKING] HMM.
WELL, I GUESS
ONE DUEL COULDN'T HURT.
COME ON!
FINE. I'LL DUEL.
WHATEVER.
YEAH!
YOU GOT HER NOW,
CHAZZ!
ONE THING--EVEN
IF I LOSE THIS,
THE KEYS GO BACK!
ALRIGHT, BUT THEN
I GET SOMETHING TO
TAKE THEIR PLACE!
YOU AS A GIRLFRIEND!
THEN WE CAN HOLD HANDS!
TAKE WALKS! WRITE NOTES!
THAT'S THE DEAL!
FINE, THAT'S THE DEAL.
BUT IT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN!
NOW LET'S DO THIS,
CHAZZ!
I WILL!
AND I'LL SHOW YOU...
THAT YOU LOVE ME!
LET'S DUEL!
HERE GOES!
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL START WITH...
OJAMA YELLOW!
HI, THERE!
BOSS THINKS
YOU'RE CUTE!
AND AFTER TWO FACEDOWNS
I'LL PLAY...
THE SPELL CARD
LOVE LETTER!
AND HERE IS HOW IT WORKS.
FIRST OFF, IF I GOT A
FACEDOWN AND A MONSTER
SITTIN' ON MY FIELD,
YOU GET A GIFT!
YOU SEE, EITHER MY MONSTER,
OR MY FACE DOWN CARD
BECOMES YOURS!
AREN'T I SWEET?
YEAH, I KNOW IT!
AND THAT'S JUST THE FIRST
OF LOTS OF GIFTS
YOU'LL BE GETTING FROM ME!
THE CHAZZ KNOWS HOW
TO TREAT HIS LADIES.
I'M NOT YOUR LADY,
CHAZZ.
BUT IF I HAVE TO
TAKE YOUR GIFT, FINE.
I'LL TAKE ONE OF
YOUR FACEDOWNS.
[THINKING] PERFECT.
EVERYTHING IS GOING
ACCORDING TO THE PLAN.
ATTICUS WAS RIGHT!
DUELING CAN BE JUST LIKE
OLD FASHIONED COURTING!
AFTER ALL, HER ACCEPTING
MY FACEDOWN CARD
IS JUST LIKE HER
ACCEPTING A VALENTINE FROM ME!
A VALENTINE I PROBABLY
WOULD'VE BEEN TOO SCARED
TO DELIVER IN REAL LIFE.
BUT WITH ATTICUS' HELP?
HUH?
ONWARDS AND
UPWARDS, CHAZZ!
IF YOU CAN'T
CHARM HER, DUEL HER!
OKAY!
GO!
HMM.
BUT THERE'S MORE!
NEXT I PLAY THE SPELL
CARD GIANT TRUNADE!
WHAT IT DOES IS BRING
ALL SPELLS AND TRAPS
BACK TO OUR HANDS!
SO I'LL TAKE THAT
FACEDOWN BACK NOW!
[GIGGLING]
CHAZZY,
FROM ME TO YOU!
AW, THAT'S SO SWEET OF YOU
TO GIVE ME THIS BACK SO SOON!
AND NOW, I THINK
I'LL PLAY IT:
HIDDEN WISH!
WHEN HIDDEN WISH RETURNS
FROM MY OPPONENT'S
FIELD BACK TO ME
IT DEALS 1,000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOU.
OH, NO!
THEN I REGAIN
1,000 POINTS.
SO I GUESS I SHOULD SAY
THANKS, DARLING!
I JUST KNEW THAT US DUELING
WOULD BRING US CLOSER.
ARE YOU FEELING THE SPARKS?
UGH...
I'M FEELING NAUSEOUS.
AND NOW, I'LL ACTIVATE
MY OTHER FACEDOWN,
THE CARD KNOWN AS
TREASURE MAP!
ONCE I SEND IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
AND I'LL LAY THEM
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
ALL RIGHT CHAZZ,
LET'S GO!
I SUMMON BLADE SKATER
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW TAKE OUT
THAT OJAMA YELLOW!
WHIRLWIND SLASHER!
UH, BOSS?!
DON'T WORRY! GO!
RING OF DESTRUCTION!
NOW WE BOTH GET HIT,
WITH YOUR BLADE
SKATER'S ATTACK POINTS.
LIKE A COUPLE!
THAT'S SO ROMANTIC!
AFTER ALL, WHAT'S
LOVE WITHOUT PAIN?
NICE WORK, DON JUAN!
YOU KNOW IT,
ATTICUS!
CAN YOU FEEL THE LOVE?
PUH-LEEZE!
THEN MAYBE THIS WILL WORK!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD,
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
NOW I DRAW 3 NEW CARDS
AND DISCARD TWO CARDS
FROM MY HAND.
OH--POT OF GREED!
LOOKS LIKE I GET TWO MORE!
NOW GO FACEDOWN!
OH, YEAH!
IT'S OJAMA TRIO!
NOW 3 OJAMA TOKENS
GET TO CRASH YOUR FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND IF ONE OF 'EM
GETS WIPED OUT,
YOU LOSE 300 POINTS!
IT'S SO GREAT TO SHARE.
NEXT I'LL CAST MY SPELL
CARD POLYMERIZATION!
LET'S GO, GUYS!
OJAMA BLACK, OJAMA GREEN,
AND OJAMA YELLOW!
FUSE AND FORM OJAMA KING!
OJAMA!
AND THANKS TO OJAMA KING'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
UP TO 3 OF YOUR
MONSTER CARD ZONES
ARE RECLASSIFIED
AS OCCUPIED!
[GASP]
[THINKING] NO!
NOW I'VE GOT NO ROOM
TO PLAY ANY NEW
MONSTER CARDS!
I'LL BE COMPLETELY
DEFENSELESS!
NEXT I'LL THROW A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
SO TELL ME?
ARE YOU FEELING
THE FUZZIES YET?
AFTER ALL, I FILLED UP
YOUR FIELD TO SHOW HOW
MY HEART IS FULL OF LOVE!
RIGHT?
HE IS SO GONE.
IT IS SORT
OF ROMANTIC.
HUH?
[THINKING]
IF I COULD JUST
GET HER ON THE FIELD,
I MIGHT HAVE A CHANCE!
BUT I CAN'T EVEN
SACRIFICE THOSE OJAMA
FREAKS TO SUMMON HER!
WAIT, I THINK I GOT IT.
YEAH!
GOT WHAT?
THIS LIL' MOVE SHOULD
THROW "CHAZZ-ANOVA"
FOR A LOOP!
I'M LAYIN' A FACEDOWN!
AND THAT IS IT!
FINE, MY TURN!
I PLAY A LITTLE CARD
I LIKE TO CALL DRESS UP!
THE NEW DUDS GIVE OJAMA KING
AN EXTRA 300 ATTACK POINTS!
THANKS FOR THE THREADS!
AND IT'S GOT ANOTHER BONUS!
I GET TO SWITCH ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS TO ATTACK MODE!
ANOTHER GIFT FOR YOU!
BUT WAIT!
ALL OF HER MONSTERS
HAVE NO ATTACK POINTS!
NO JOKE!
AND IT GETS WORSE.
IF CHAZZ ATTACKS
AND TAKES OUT AN OJAMA,
SHE'LL LOSE
300 LIFE POINTS.
AND WHAT'S WORSE IS CHAZZ
CAN KEEP DOING THIS,
DEALING UP TO 1,800
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
BECAUSE THEN SHE
WILL LOSE THE MATCH!
AND I WILL WIN
A GIRLFRIEND!
EW! ME AND CHAZZ
A COUPLE?
I BETTER DO
SOMETHING
AND I BETTER DO
IT FAST!
LET'S SEE HERE.
ON ONE HAND,
I COULD WIN THIS
DUEL RIGHT NOW AND
WIN A GIRLFRIEND!
BUT WHAT WOULD CHAZZ
HAVING A GIRLFRIEND MEAN
IF SHE WASN'T REALLY
MADLY IN LOVE WITH ME?
I AGREE!
WAIT, SO THEN HE'S NOT
GONNA FORCE OJAMA BLACK
INTO ATTACK MODE?
HE KEEPS DEFENDING?
LOOK OUT BELOW!
HERE I COME!
CHOWDERHEAD!
SEE WHAT A
SWEET GUY I AM?
BUT THERE'S MORE:
NEXT I PLAY
DRAMATIC CROSROADS!
IT'S DECISION TIME!
NOW PAY ATTENTION:
OPTION NUMBER ONE:
YOU DISCARD ONE RANDOM CARD.
OPTION NUMBER TWO:
YOU SHOW YOUR
ENTIRE HAND TO ME.
AND THEN I AM ALLOWED
TO TAKE ONE OF YOUR
CARDS FOR MYSELF!
WHY WOULD SHE DO THAT?!
BECAUSE IF ALEXIS
REALLY LOVES ME,
THEN SHE'LL TRUST ME
AND LET ME SEE HER HAND!
SHE'LL GIVE ME HER
VERY BEST CARD AS
PROOF OF OUR LOVE!
THEN SHE AND I WILL
LIVE HAPPILY EVER AFTER!
HA HA HA!
SO NOW, MAKE YOUR CHOICE!
OKAY, CHAZZ, LISTEN UP.
YOU'RE NOT EVER GONNA
SEE MY HAND, YOU GOT IT?
I'M SHOT DOWN?!
LISTEN. WANNA KNOW
WHO I LOVE?
I AM IN LOVE
WITH DUELING!
OOH, OUCH, CHAZZ!
CRASH AND BURN, DUDE!
YEAH, SO WHAT?
HUH?
DON'T FORGET:
IF I WIN THIS,
YOU'LL STILL BE MINE!
DUDE, IT'S OVER!
I'LL DATE YA, BOSS!
WE'D MAKE
A CUTE COUPLE!
IF YOU WON'T LOVE ME
THEN I'LL DEFEAT YOU.
AND YOU'LL HAVE
TO GO OUT WITH ME!
WELL, THEN I SIMPLY
CAN'T LET HIM DEFEAT ME.
I JUST HOPE I DON'T
DISCARD THE ONE MONSTER
THAT CAN GET ME OUT
OF THIS MESS!
ALRIGHT, CHAZZ, HA!
IF YOU REALLY WANT
A WEDDING,
HERE'S YOUR ONE CHANCE!
YEAH?
I PLAY THE SPELL
RITUAL SANCTUARY!
NOW BY DISCARDING A
SPELL CARD FROM MY HAND,
I'M ABLE TO ADD
ANY RITUAL SPELL
FROM MY DECK
BACK INTO MY HAND.
AND NOW I'LL PLAY IT:
MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL!
WHAT THE--
NOW ANY MONSTER WITH
CYBER ANGEL IN ITS NAME
I CAN SUMMON.
NO WAY!
YOU'VE GOT NO
MONSTER ZONES
BECAUSE OF THOSE OJAMAS!
AND YOU CAN'T GET RID
OF THEM EITHER!
OH, YES I CAN.
REMEMBER, THIS IS
A RITUAL SUMMONING.
SO WHAT?
WHAT'S THAT GOT
TO DO WITH ANYTHING?
EVERYTHING.
BECAUSE THAT NO
SACRIFICE RULE
DOESN'T APPLY
TO RITUAL SUMMONINGS.
AND THE MONSTER
I'M RITUAL SUMMONING
CALLS FOR ME TO
SACRIFICE ALL 3 OJAMAS.
PLUS SINCE THEY'RE
NOT BEING DESTROYED
I DON'T LOSE ANY POINTS!
BUT YOU SURE
ARE GOING TO, CHAZZ!
NOW, COME ON OUT
CYBER ANGEL BENTEN!
CYBER ANGEL BENTEN,
ATTACK HIS KING!
ANGEL FLIGHT FLURRY!
[GIBBERISH]
NOW FOR CYBER ANGEL'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE DEFENSE POINTS
OF THE MONSTER THAT
WAS DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
I'M SORRY, CHAZZY!
THAT CAN'T BE!
THAT WOULD LEAVE
THE CHAZZ WITH NOTHING!
SHE BEAT ME!
MY DARLING BEAT ME!
SO MUCH FOR TRUE LOVE!
WHICH IS FINE!
'CAUSE THE CHAZZ
ALWAYS RIDES ALONE!
ALEXIS!
AT LEAST YOU COULD
LET HIM DOWN GENTLY!
STILL BE FRIENDS?
[EXPLOSION]
Jaden: WHAT BANNER
WARNED US ABOUT...
IT'S HERE.